Fix race condition in fault-handlers tutorial + minor tweaks/lints (#129)
SEL4PROJ/sel4-tutorials: tutorials/fault-handlers/fault-handlers.md

`seL4_Reply()` to it:

```c
/*-- filter TaskContent("fault-resume", TaskContentType.COMPLETED, subtask="reply", completion="Faulter: Finished execution.") -*/
     seL4_Reply(seL4_MessageInfo_new(0, 0, 0, 0));
    /* faulter thread is now resumed */
/*-- endfilter -*/
```

### Fault labels

As mentioned above, the IPC message from the kernel contains information about
the fault. As we have seen in the [IPC
tutorial](https://docs.sel4.systems/Tutorials/ipc.html), `seL4_Recv` returns a
message info struct, which among other fields contains the message label. For

> fault messages, this label contains the type of fault, e.g.

Reviewer: If this weird formatting is because of the style checker, then the style checker is too strict.

Author: It's just markdown. You can't break between `]` and `(` and you can't break inside the link, so something has to be weird at some point. You can break inside the `[ .. ]` part, but I could just move the entire link to the next line. Or maybe move the link reference outside.

Author: Turns out that link was already defined anyway.

`seL4_Fault_CapFault` which we handled above, or `seL4_Fault_VMFault` which is
generated for instance when the faulting thread accesses an address that is not
mapped. The chapter on faults in the [seL4 manual] contains the full list of
fault types.

When our `faulter` thread finishes and returns from `main()`, there is nothing
to return to, since `main()` was not called by another C function. This will
generate a VM fault, which the handler will receive.

A typical fault handler would wait for such faults in a loop and then act based
on the fault type in the message label and further information received in the
fault message. In our fault handler here we only indicate that kind of `switch`

> statement. There is nothing to repair and resume any more in our case, since

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fault message. There is nothing to repair and resume any more in our case, since
```
I found that sentence very confusing, it doesn't really add any useful information I think.

Author: Happy to remove it.

the `faulter` thread has finished execution.

```c
/*-- filter TaskContent("fault-end", TaskContentType.ALL, subtask="end", completion="Done.") -*/
    /* When the faulter thread returns from "main", this return will generate a VM fault. */

>     seL4_MessageInfo_t msg_info = seL4_Recv(faulter_fault_ep_cap, &tmp_badge);

Reviewer: Please add an empty new line after this.

/*? include_task_type_append([("fault-handle", 'copy2')]) ?*/

/*? include_task_type_append([("fault-resume", 'reply')]) ?*/

/*? include_task_type_append([("fault-end", 'end')]) ?*/

    /* Ignore all further faults: */
    while (1) {

>         seL4_Recv(faulter_fault_ep_cap, &tmp_badge);

Reviewer: Could pass NULL instead of `tmp_badge`, just to show you can do that.
